[Autogenerated] let us now close those two projects.
Since we do not need them anymore.
We are just left here with our l O application.
Let us make a last test that is create a package for this ello application.
We are going to create last run configuration may
even build the new configuration.
We are going to call it a low application by Ikeja.
The base directory is the parent directory.
The goal is package.
Let us apply and runner this goal.
Once again,
the reactor is invoked and all the jaws of our project have been
added to the different target directories.
Since the yellow application is only a parent project,
there is no target application in this directory.
But there is one in a low application service with the service that
Joe and another Warner in the Application Service imp project with the yellow applications of this imp, the jar file that has been created